OSSM-9084 Create assembly for supported versions table (#90911)
openshift/openshift-docs: ossm-release-notes/ossm-release-notes-feature-support-tables.adoc

:_mod-docs_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="ossm-release-notes-feature-support-tables"]
= {SMProductShortName} {SMProductVersion} feature support tables
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: ossm-release-notes-support-tables

toc::[]

> These tables provide guidance on feature availability in {SMProduct} 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{SMProductVersion} feature support tables provide guidance on feature availability in {SMProduct} 3.
```

Because this is a first sentence, suggest to replace "these tables" with "{SMProductVersion} feature support tables" for clarity.

> [id="release-notes-definitions"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="release-notes-definitions_{context}"]
```
